# 2.4. Other Solutions

### 2.4.1. Mobile App

GRYPH will provide buyers both a web and mobile application to interact with the site. This special mobile application can be treated like any other wallet application with the exception of being dedicated to NFTs. Buyers with NFTs no longer need to import their NFT manually. Instead the mobile application will sync with the web version automatically. Buyers will be even able to list, sell and collect easier on the mobile application.

### 2.4.2. Security

With the growth of NFT marketplaces the increase of bad actors in the space is growing. To combat this the GRYPH NFT marketplace will be one of the few where security will be paramount. We will hire a CISO to oversee the Cybersecurity system. We will have a system with AI and Machine learning. This will make our platform one of the most secure marketplaces in the NFT marketplace space.

### 2.4.3. Theft

Sadly NFT art is such a common space in the NFT marketplace. OpenSea tried to change a policy in regards to how many pieces a collector can implement in the platform at one time to bad reviews. DeviantArt has implemented a fraud alert system that scans the Ethereum blockchain for NFT copies of work.

The marketplace will work with fraud systems and use accountability. If an artist complains about an NFT that is launched on our platform we will pull the NFT in question off our platform until an investigation is completed. At that time we will ask the artist in question and the artist that requested the investigation proof of authenticity.
