# 3.4. Royalties

Whenever an NFT sale occurs in a marketplace, it is up to the marketplace to hold back part of the proceeds of the sale to distribute to the original content creator. GRYPH will implement an on-chain royalty registry following the standards described by royaltyregistry.xyz.

On-chain royalties are royalty configurations that are baked into the original token contract. They provide a way for marketplaces to ask those contracts what the appropriate royalty amount is and who the royalty recipient should be for any token in that contract.

There are a number of token specs out there, including EIP2981, SuperRare, Rarible and Manifold. While they all do similar things (i.e. provide a royalty amount and recipient address per token), they have slightly different implementations. This makes it difficult for marketplaces to adhere to all the royalty specs, and is problematic for older tokens to add on-chain royalty configurations (i.e. tokens that may have launched on OpenSea with royalties set up off-chain).

The purpose of the Royalty Registry is to make it easy for marketplaces to use the appropriate on-chain royalty configurations and to make it possible for contracts that did not originally support on-chain royalties to add them. The Royalty Registry is composed of two parts, the Royalty Registry and the Royalty Engine.

The Royalty Registry is an on chain contract that is responsible for storing Royalty configuration overrides. It provides the ability for contracts which did not originally support any of the on-chain Royalty specifications to add this functionality to their smart contract.

The Royalty Engine is a contract that provides an easy way for any marketplace to look up royalties for any given token contract. If a token contract has set an override in the Royalty Registry, it will use that information. Otherwise, it will attempt to use royalty information from any of the supported specs.

* EIP2981&#x20;
* Manifold and Foundation&#x20;
* Rarible&#x20;
* SuperRare&#x20;
* Zora (limited functionality)
