# 5.1. FAQ

## 1. What is the origin of GRYPH?

**GRYPH** was founded in 2021 as an NFT Clothing Brand & Merchandising platform.  **GRYPH** is the the first NFT clothing line that lets customers buy **Collectors Editions** (Merchandise & NFTs Packaged together) using FIAT/CASH.  The platform was launched in Dec 2021 as a proof of concept in the Philippines.  The **GRYPH** Marketplace was originally intended for **GRYPH** NFTs from the merchandising platform to be traded using that platform. \
\
The **GRYPH** marketplace concept took a new life after Co-Founder Mickele Macon started participating on Twitter Spaces in NFT rooms and realized that a new marketplace was needed for the NFT community and consumers.&#x20;

This whitepaper came into existence for the purpose of having a true NFT marketplace for the community and by the community.  Therefore the NFT space can grow and prosper into something great for the world for the greater good of taking the NFT space to the next level.

## 2. What is the difference between the GRYPH Marketplace and other Marketplaces?

Where to begin?  The **GRYPH** Marketplace is the first DiFI Marketplace in history.  The First NFT Marketplace that Whitelabels Minting.  The First NFT Marketplace that Whitelabels a Marketplace.  The **GRYPH** Marketplace will include a **Whitelist** section. Which is a special section on the platform that lists projects that just started and are accepting first buyers. **Flash Sales** is a section on the platform that automatically detects frequent minting on the blockchain in order for buyers to participate before supplies run out. Buyers can also watch projects and be notified of its activities.\
\
On the Tech side the **GRYPH** marketplace will be the first cross chain marketplace that will support  every **Ethereum** based blockchain _(EVM)_ as well as **Solana.** The first platform to have whitelabel standard contracts that the customer can customize.  The first marketplace to list NFTs by categories. The first to have a side chain to help with gas cost.  The first with a severless feature. Royalties for most contracts and this is just the beginning.  \
\
The **GRYPH** marketplace will set a new standard in how to launch a token with their anti-rug pulling and other technological advances that will be discussed in the future on how to launch a token with an awesome utility where every one from the user, to buyer, to investor will win.

## 3. How do I know you are not a scam?

All of our smart contracts control the amounts we are allowed to withdraw at any given time. For example it would take us over a year (15 months) to withdraw everything. Please review our smart contracts before deciding to purchase.

## 4. What is the official website of the GRYPH Marketplace?

https://gry.ph

## 5. How many GRYPH tokens are being minted ?

_1,000,000,000 $GRYPH_

## _6. Where can I get GRYPH tokens?_&#x20;

_There will be a public sale. Details will be on the **GRY.PH** website. We suggest following **GRYPH** on our social media platforms for more info. The best place to chat with our community team will be our **Discord** and **Telegram** communities._

## _7. How much GRYPH can I purchase during Public Sale?_

_During the Public Sale you can purchase as many tokens as you like until the supply of tokens allotted for the Public Sale runs out._

## 8. Is there still a chance to get _the GRYPH token_ after the initial sale?

_After the Public sale. There will be tokens released to crypto exchanges. You will be able to purchase **GRYPH** tokens through multiple channels._

## 9. Can I request for an NFT project to be funded?

Yes, in fact you are encouraged to do so.

## _10. How much GRYPH will be transferred to the Treasury?_

_200,000,000 tokens will be transferred to the Treasury. Which is the initial_ amount that will be distributed to the Economy Engine.

## 11. How will you liquidate your tokens?&#x20;

200,000,000 tokens will be set aside to be distributed to exchanges, swaps and hot liquidity for the platform.

## 12. How can you assure me that this project will not become a rug pull?

Every person under these sales, team, marketing, partnerships will incrementally start receiving **$GRYPH** automatically **after** the first six months (180 days). Treasury and Liquidity will be minted and receive their allocation as soon as there is a smart contract to receive these funds.\


## 13. How are rewards split?

Once the NFT is listed, a buyer can purchase the NFT and two percent (2%) will be deducted from the purchase value as a listing and transaction fee back to the platform and will send **$GRYPH** rewards to both the buyer and seller. The amount of rewards given are dependent on the purchase amount.

## 14. Is it true as a creator if I create my NFT on the GRYPH platform I will not pay any fees?

Creators that choose to mint their NFT collection on the **GRYPH** side chain will benefit from having zero platform fees in the secondary market. This means the platform will not charge a listing nor transaction fee for NFTs on their own chain.

## 15. How can I become part of the GRYPH community?

Please join our **Discord** Channel and/or **Telegram** community for more information.  Please look out how you can become an community member where you can get **GRYPH** vested to you.



## __ __
