# 5.2. Disclamer

The GRYPH token does not possess any necessary characteristic required to be considered a transferable security, money market instrument, unit in collective investment schemes, a digital currency, commodity, security, or any other form of investment in any jurisdiction. As of the date of this white paper, no other registrations, approvals or licensing requirements apply for the GRYPH token in terms of applicable Philippine laws. This white paper does not constitute a prospectus or offering document and is not a solicitation for investment and does not constitute an offer of financial instruments, securities to the public, or a collective investment scheme. Any decision to purchase GRYPH tokens shall be based on consideration of this white paper as a whole. The Issuer reserves the right to (i) make changes to this white paper and any documents linked to the GRYPH token and/or holding and use of GRYPH token to ensure compliance with the applicable regulatory requirements and (ii), do all that is necessary to be in compliance with any regulatory requirements, including but not limited to, interrupting, suspending, or ceasing the operations or trading of the GRYPH token if deemed necessary at the Issuer’s sole discretion. It is solely up to you to ensure that no prior or subsequent approval, notification, registration, or licensing is needed or if such is needed, it is solely up to you to obtain such prior or subsequent approval, notification, registration, or licensing or require any form in the country where you are a citizen, national, resident or having a similar connecting factor, or incorporated, registered or effectively managed, and the Issuer shall not in any way be liable for any non-conformity of the above by you.

The GRYPH tokens are not available to (i) a natural person being a citizen, national, resident or having a similar connecting factor to; or (ii) a juridical person being incorporated, registered, or effectively managed and controlled from or within a country, jurisdiction or territory where the private placement or the holding and use of the GRYPH token and/or virtual currency or other tokens at any other moment in time is prohibited by laws, regulations or other practices and policies in the said country, jurisdiction or territory, which is taken to include but is not limited to the United States of America, or any other jurisdiction where the aforementioned are prohibited. This white paper, the GRYPH tokens and/or the holding, use, and trading of the GRYPH token carries no rights, whether expressed or implied, other than for their use on the GRY.PH marketplace and trading on cryptocurrency exchanges, GRYPH tokens do not represent or confer any ownership right or stake, share or security or equivalent rights, intellectual property rights or any other form of participation relating to the Issuer. GRYPH tokens do not give you any entitlement to acquire any such interest or entitlement in respect of the Issuer. The administrator of the Issuer, as identified in the Considerations section of this white paper, are the persons responsible for the information contained in this white paper. To the best of the knowledge and belief of the administrators of the Issuer (who have all taken reasonable care to ensure such is the case), the information contained in this white paper is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. The administrators of the Issuer accept responsibility accordingly.
