# 5.3. Migrating Risk

## How do I know your team can deliver the platform as per the Whitepaper?

With each project that is released, the team makes assurances that the technology that we propose is achievable.  This is why we put your reputation on the line. All smart contracts will be available to review once they are finished.  You can look at our other projects to see the quality and care in our technology.  Our first project is https://gry.ph You can look at the polygon symbol on the GRYPH website to look into our smart contracts.  This will give you the knowledge and assurance that we can deliver on our technology given our past experience in past blockchain projects.

## How will you protect my Crypto Investment?

We will do this a few ways. One way is that the whole project is governed by smart contracts including all Phase 1 contracts.  Once your able to view these contracts you will be assured that each dime that is spend on this project will be approved by our board that governs this project.\
Our reputation is at stake.  We know that nothing is guaranteed. &#x20;

We will do our best to deliver on time and what we said we can do.  We want our marketplace to be successful. This entails that we will be governed by the standards from our NFT Filipino Unity Values.  An self governed organization of NFT projects and creators in the Philippines to prevent rug pulls and other unsavory practices in regards to the NFT space.&#x20;

## Your project is governed by an Economy Engine. This is new to me. How do I know you can deliver and this will work in your marketplace?

As with all new technology, nothing is guaranteed.  We have done our research and out tech team has come up with a new idea in regards of token distribution and rewards for customers and buyers.  Out team has over 40 total years experience between them in working on blockchain projects.  Therefore we know that with our world class team we can not only deliver on our promises of making an awesome product, but our tech will be fresh and new in terms of what other exchanges are doing.  This is not a risk per say, but it has never been tried.  We are confident that we can make this an awesome product that will benefit the community and grow the NFT space as a whole.&#x20;
